README.md, before:

# Joint economic and epidemiological modelling of alternative pandemic response strategies

This repository contains Matlab code to reproduce the results in the article ``Joint economic and epidemiological modelling of alternative pandemic response strategies''.

# How to use this repository

* Navigate to the `Matlab/` folder and run the top-level script `main.m`. This will run the model across a range of parameter combinations and save the results in the `/output/` folder as `output/results.mat`.
* Run the script `postProcess.m`. This will read in the previously saved results and calculate the suppression and elimination costs for the corresponding parameter range, and create various arrays for plotting. Results will be saved as `output/results_for_plots/mat`.
* Run the script `plotGraphs.m`. This will read the previously saved results back in and plot the graphs. If the variable `saveFlag` is set to true, the Figures will be saved as .png files in the `figures/` folder.
* If you want to change any parameter values, edit the function `getPar()` which sets all model parameters.

Commit message:

Update README with version information for results
Added information about the version used for results.

README.md, after:

# Joint economic and epidemiological modelling of alternative pandemic response strategies

This repository contains Matlab code to reproduce the results in the article ``Joint economic and epidemiological modelling of alternative pandemic response strategies''.

Results in the pre-print were produced using the version of this repository tagged `v1.0`. 

# How to use this repository

* Navigate to the `Matlab/` folder and run the top-level script `main.m`. This will run the model across a range of parameter combinations and save the results in the `/output/` folder as `output/results.mat`.
* Run the script `postProcess.m`. This will read in the previously saved results and calculate the suppression and elimination costs for the corresponding parameter range, and create various arrays for plotting. Results will be saved as `output/results_for_plots/mat`.
* Run the script `plotGraphs.m`. This will read the previously saved results back in and plot the graphs. If the variable `saveFlag` is set to true, the Figures will be saved as .png files in the `figures/` folder.
* If you want to change any parameter values, edit the function `getPar()` which sets all model parameters.
